Shut the fuck up you dumb chink. When will you learn that Joey doesn't actually care for you. We only play it up because you have zero opportunity to ever go out with someone. 
You only believe that you have friends because you've never experienced them before. We actually only pretend to be your friends so when the time comes that anything ever goes south, 
we can throw you under the bus. You're our scapegoat, our meat shield. You are a genuinely garbage human and I genuinely don't like you, I only hang around you because everyone else does. 
They do it for the same reason. If everybody just admitted their true thoughts of you, then you'd be done. We'd leave you behind and let you rot. I hope you actually get set on fire, 
while your worst enemy rapes and murders the only person you truly love. All right in front of your eyes as they are slowly incinerated and your body is burned to crisps. 
That would be the only way justice can be served for your sins. I would go back to Islam if that meant that  god would bring all of this into fruition. 
I hope you die you rotten, disgusting monkey.

Brian, you have fucking problems. You're biggest issue is your lack of ability to read the atmosphere. If a certain mood is shared among a group, 
you're inability to sense that is surprisingly you're largest downfall. You would make jokes about someone's family member after their death. That's genuinely psychopathic. 
I really don't appreciate you making jokes about my family, my religion and my personal life. That's a step too far. 
I also don't think that Joshua (no matter how much he denies it) likes the jokes about his broken family. 
Examples: "Your life must be sad cause you're parents are divorced", or, "Your parents hate you and don't want to accept you for who you are". These jokes are not okay. 
You must draw the line somewhere. Even when I tell you to stop, you don't. I also don't appreciate you making jokes about my hospitalized father, claiming that he is "dead". 
I hope one day that you will lose a loved one, someone you truly hold dear to you, dies. While you fall to your knees in tears, we will laugh, laugh at your pain and suffering. 
That would be the only way to put you straight.

Brian, you are genuinely one of the worst people I know. Your biggest problem is your genuine arrogance and toxicity towards everyone and anyone. 
Sure you may argue that I am equally toxic if not more, but unlike you I’m not toxic like you. You constantly bash people you disagree with to the ground, 
and anytime someone says anything or is positive, you reply with nothing but toxicity. Not to mention your arrogance is also extremely annoying. 
You insult others, yet you’re all bark and no bite. This is evident from that one time you went to do push ups with us. 
You laughed at Joshes form and how weak he was, but when asked to do a singular push up you just declined and continued laughing at him. 
All you do is talk and talk. If you’re going to be this toxic at least make the effort to better yourself.